1) Will have to write hybrid classes for all the different combinations of boundary conditions 
that can arise with simple rules for Neumann anyway. Boundary conditions are currently given 
priority depending on there type which is sufficient for 1 grid point thick boundaries 
(see point below).

2) Stencils larger than 3-point should be easy to include for the gradients, but I have not written 
theWilson loops in the same generalisable manner. It would be good to include this.

3) It would be nice to have a way to normalise the potential energy of the double SO(N) class internally
for general parameter choices. This can be done once at set-up and stored to be used during evolution.
This is quite a difficult problem, so there is currently the option to enter the normalisation manually
(to be added).

4) Include a boolean which gives the option to cache quantities in calcPotentialDerivatives to be used
in calcPotentialEnergy to save on computation. Warning in the config file that this can be dangerous.

5) Try to move all post-evolve analysis to pre-evolve on the next timestep. The post-evolve analysis
can be left as an option in case it is needed but the general approach should be to prefer pre-evolve
where possible. It would also be nice to move the pre-evolve outside of the main loop so that it is 
structured the same way as post-evolve and possibly to wrap the corresponding lattice functions in
an if statement so that they only run if at least one analyser is assigned to avoid wasted loop set-up,
index calculations etc. Even better if the if statement also filters cases where some analysers are assigned
but do not perform any location analysis.

6) Do we need to enforce that the gauge conditions are satisfied at the end of a damping period? Is there
a theoretical argument to suggest that the gauge conditions should be satisfied throughout the damping
period. Add an explanation of theory on why a conserved current should preserve the gauge condition, as long
as it is initially satisfied.

7) Gradient flow option implemented. However eventually this will be abstracted out to a new Solver Class